	I have no desire to engage in matters of discussing my emotions or the past we once shared. Neither do I have time to discuss trade agreements. I have been silent for two reasons. First, I do not wish to talk to you, nor to see you. Secondly, our people have been under constant attack by goblins. 
	I sense a darkness seeping into our land, one beyond anything I have ever before felt in the hundreds of years our peoples spent fighting the demons. The goblins have not been themselves lately. It is as if something has taken control and overriden their instincts to compel them to attack us for no purpose, but to destroy. It is very unlike them. Yes, they are normally aggressive, but they normally attack to steel our food, but now they lust after our blood. 
	There is a dark fire in their eyes, I can only fear that this power may be a sign of the return of Melerous. Many misinterpret the legends to mean that Ikthee killed his brother and destroyed his dark magic, but this is not how I read the ancient texts. I know the power of Zharan magic, and I fear that death may not have been enough to destroy Melerous.
	Your dead rising again filled with darkness and lust for your flesh, is this not also a sign of Melerous’ dark magic returning to our world?
	I fear your forces will not be enough to face what is coming.
	You are right on one account, we must unite our people’s again, but we alone will not be enough to stop what is coming. I will contain my loathing towards you and we should meet in counsel with Queen Ven of Lacertolia to discuss the matter.
	I fear we must break our silence between our peoples and the alien kingdoms that came through the portals. We know very little of the Shaktele, other than the horrific plague they have brought to this world, and I do not think it wise to attempt again to commence any sort of alliance between us lest we bring the plague upon ourselves. The Miewdra of the North, however are rumored to be a peace-loving people. As you know I have tried to send ambassadors to their land in the past, but elves do not do well in such cold environments. Many of them perished trying, those who did not returned.
	Your people are better suited for the cold. If you could send a party to the Miewdra explaining our situation then perhaps we can form a treaty between our people.
	The Machines that came through the portal have kept to themselves and have made no effort to communicate with us. Though we know they have some form of intelligence, and that their technology and weaponry is far superior to any of our own. Attempts to communicate with them have been less than successful, and they will kill anyone who intrudes into their city without showing so much as a speck of remorse. I do not know if they can feel. One thing I do know though, is that if what I have felt is true and Melerous is returning we will need all the help we can get, and even then without the help of the ancients it will not be enough.

-Queen Zeladria of the Wood Elves
