Dearest Loella and Mommy,

	I was overjoyed to have received your letter. It really made me smile. The war is very hard. Many of my friends souls have gone on to meet the ancients. But the captain says the war is already won. We just have one last mission to complete. Our small band of soldiers found the remains of an ancient Zharan temple. It is overrun by demons. Captain Pallovy believes we may be found their home base. This may be the place where Melerous first summoned them from the underworld. If that is the case we may be able to seal off the entrance and be rid of them forever.
	I will see if I can get you a demon horn from the next one I kill, but I don’t think they are really magic like your friend at school says.
	I look forward to seeing you and Mommy again soon. I’m really looking forward to going fishing with you both. I miss holding you both in my arms, more than anything.

	Love,

	Daddy

	Dearest family,

	I don’t know if you will ever get this letter. Hopefully if I die the king will send reinforcements and at least recover my belongings so you can all know what happened to me. We fought our way into the temple and made camp inside once we thought we had cleared out all the demons. Unfortunately, our success was short lived. Dark spirits seemed to come from nowhere during they night and the took possession of many of our men. We had no choice but to defend ourselves from them. Unfortunately many of us died. There are only seven of us left now: the captain and I, and a few others. 
	The demons just keep coming. I’m afraid we are trapped here from all sides and if we cannot find a means of sealing off the entrance to the underworld soon, I fear all will be lost for us.
	I’ve been trying to study their magic in these books I’ve found at their alters in hopes that I’ll find some clue as to how we may be able to seal off the gateway. There is only one last book to try, but I don’t like the feeling I get when I hold it. It fills me with fear. I can feel the darkness it contains seeping out of the cover. However, if it holds the key then I must be brave and read it.

	If I do not return to you alive remember that I love you both more than anything, even my own life and I will find a way to be with you again in spirit if not in body.

	-Daddy (Alex)   
